prices:

		The Northport Butcher Shoppe 
		WSDACustom Exempt Processing



		These processing prices are based on the hanging weight of the carcass and the value added products.

		Cut and Paper Wrap                   $1 per pound 
		Cut and Vacuum Seal Wrap       $0.55 per package

		Cube Steaks                               $0.50
		Deli Meat                                    $2.50
		Pepperoni                                   $4.00
		Jerky                                           $5.00



		Bulk Sausage                             $1.30
		Linked Sausage                          $2.00
		Bacon                                         $2.50
		Ham                                            $2.00
		Ham Steaks                                $2.50






v2:

		The Northport Butcher Shoppe Mobile Farm Kill Truck

		These prices apply to customers within a 30 mile radius of our Northport Location.There will be an added cost for farms beyond that. These prices also include us hauling off hides, heads and guts. We will all need to work together to schedule as many kills as possible in one particular area. If we can return to our shop each day with a full truck, we can keep costs down for all of us.   

		What we offer you…

		We will arrive with everything needed to swiftly and responsibly dispatch your designated animal(s). We will eviscerate, haul off the head,hide and guts. We will provide a hanging weight before the carcass is tagged and loaded into our truck and brought back for custom cut and wrap.

		What we cannot offer you at this time…

		Catching or Detaining Animals
		Scrape and Scald for hogs
		Hide Tanning
		Skull Boiling
		Organ Harvesting (if you want them, bring a bucket to the kill and you can have them fresh)
		Yield Analysis
		Transport of the carcass to another shop
		Kill and Leave


		Possible price increase if…

		Your animal was not properly contained and easy to access
		Your animal has an extra full belly
		You are late or unprepared for the truck
		Your animal has horns
		Your farm is beyond our 30 mile radius

		Possible decrease in prices if…

		You haul the guts/head/hide
		You participate in gathering a full load for the truck on your slaughter day





		Beef: $160 

		Hog: $120

		Lamb and Goat: $75 

		Bison: $200

		Beef with hanging weight over 900 and hogs weighing over 350 will receive an additional charge.
 
 
services:

		Services Provided 

		We provide farm kills for beef, hogs, goats, lamb and bison. This includes dispatch, evisceration and transport to our meat shop. 

		We provide custom cut, cure, smoke and wrap.

		We process wild game, including deer, elk, moose and bear.

		No poultry!




blerbs:

		“Blurbs”

		Farm Kill: On the scheduled day of your appointment, you will be asked to safely secure your animal(s) where dispatch can occur without harming other livestock.The designated animal(s) will be killed, hung, eviscerated, de-hided, de-headed and de-legged on sight. You may choose to retain any or all of the contents removed from the animal. We will dispose of the rest. Then your animal(s) will be weighed and loaded into a refrigerated box and transported to the designated shop. Kill and leave is an option as well. 

		The Shoppe: Once your animal is loaded into our cooler, we will contact you to clarify your processing specifications, this includes the hang time you desire. Once the animal has hung the agreed upon amount of time, it will enter our fabrication floor. Here we will proceed to cut and wrap to order. If value added items are required (cure/smoke/sausage/deli meat/etc), that will be done at that time as well. When the order is completed, it will be placed in a freezer and you will be notified for pick up and provide payment. 

		We will receive carcasses killed and dressed by someone else. They will be subject to rinsing before entering the cooler space.

		Wild Game will have its own cooler unit, designated just for that.    
		
		
		
Meet The Team:

		Meet the Team

		The vision and talent behind The Butcher Shoppe can be found in the hearts of 2 Stevens County families that partnered up to build a business that would serve their local community. The need for meat processing has been increasing in our end of the county as more of our neighbors want to control their own food production. Both our Mobile Farm Kill Truck and The Butcher Shoppe are intended to provide service that will help you meet your goals as a grower and a buyer. Instead of loading and hauling your livestock to a kill floor, dispatch can be done swiftly and responsibly on your own farm. Once your carcass is in our coolers, we will skillfully cut, cure, smoke and wrap your order according to your specifications. This includes wild game too! By taking the time to craft each animal into the artistic expression that will best suit your table, we hope to offer each of our customers a satisfying feeling of abundance for having chosen us to process your livestock. Our truck and our  facility are WSDA Inspected. We encourage you to take a look at our membership program as well.

		Trent and Tamara Smith are longtime residents of Stevens County. They have had the pleasure of raising their 5 children, a few pigs and a couple dogs, in one of the most beautiful places on earth for almost 20 years now! They are motivated by a desire to serve their community through providing a service they actually enjoy! They believe that their business will bring new jobs and more industry to their small town that is full of potential. The future belongs to those who prepare for it and they want to build something that will sustain the following generations. 

		Peter Wagner and Tonye-Marie Casteneda… they need to write their part.      